1.  `app.js` is what is going to kick off the app so we bring in the `InstrumentFamilies` constructor via `require`, and new up an instance of it.
This constructor also takes in a data object so we also `require` that in and store it as a variable called `data` then pass it into the new `InstrumentFamilies` constructor function we've new'd up.
2. We now have data in an object that we want to let the rest of the app know about so we will need to write our `PubSub` helper object which contains the functions to `publish` and `subscribe` to data being passed about.
3. Back in `InstrumentFamilies` we write our `bindEvents` function which handles dealing with all data flow across channels.  In here first we'll `publish` the data object out to the rest of the app via the channel `InstrumentFamilies:data-ready`.  We then need to call this `bindEvents` function on the instance we have created within `app.js.`
4. We know we want to populate a select element with information from this data and so now create a view called `SelectView`.  This object is going to handle populating the select element which has already been created in `index.html` so we'll pass this element into the constructor.  When this object is then required in and new'd up in `app.js` we find the select element via `document.querySelector` and pass it into the object.
`SelectView` has to be new'd up above `InstrumentFamilies` as it has to be ready to listen out (`subscribe`) for anything being `published` before `InstrumentFamilies` can let the rest of the app have access to it. The instance of `SelectView` that we've created now has to call its `bindEvents` to be able to see the data coming through.
5. `SelectView` needs access to the instrument data in order to populate so within its own `bindEvents` function it `subscribe`'s to the `InstrumentFamilies:data-ready` channel.  This channel's `event.detail` is stored within a variable called families and is then passed into the function `this.populate(families)` which we have yet to write.
6. `SelectView` now has all it needs in order to populate the select dropdown so we write the `populate(families)` function on the prototype. In this function the families array which has been passed in is looped through using `.forEach()` which has access to the element and the index of that element in the array.  Within the `forEach` function an option element is created with the family name and index position and then it is appended onto the select element.
7. Now the select is populated we want to be able to select an option and let the rest of the app know what option has been selected.  To do this, within the `bindEvents` function which is handling the data flow of the object we write our `eventListener` to listen out for a `change` on the select.  Within this function we have access to `event.target.value`.  The value is the attribute we created and attached the index position to within our `populate` function.  This is giving us back a number, which corresponds to where that object is positioned within our original data array.  We now want to publish this number out to the rest of the app via the `SelectView:family-selected` channel.
8. `InstrumentFamilies` is the model which is storing our data so this is where we will handle any logic relating to this data. Within `bindEvents` we listen out for that index number coming back through from the select via the `SelectView:family-selected` channel.  We then need our callback to do something with this number so write a `getFamily(index)` function, passing that index number into it.
9. The `getFamily(index)` function is taking in a number and is accessing the object selected in the original data array via `const selectedFamily = this.data[index]`.  Now we have the whole family object we want to let the rest of the app know about it and `publish` it via the `InstrumentFamilies:family-selected` channel.  
10. Now we can write a view that handles displaying the information of the single family object that is now accessible.  Our `index.html` doesn't yet have anywhere that will display this information so within here we create a new `div` within the `body` with the `id` of `family-details`.
11.  We can now write a `FamilyView` constructor function that takes in this div element we've just created.  Within `app.js` when we `require` it in and new it up we follow the same process as we did with the `SelectView` - find the element from the DOM and then pass it into the constructor.
12. Within the `FamilyView`'s `bindEvents` function we are listening out for the `InstrumentFamilies:family-selected` channel and writing a `render` function to create elements which appends the details of the object coming through to the div we created in `index.html`.  For this to display `bindEvents` will have to be called in the instance of `FamilyView` in `app.js`.
